Sprint 3 Backlog
November 2 to November 5

Product Backlog items to be implemented from previous sprint:	
a) As a user I can create directories using relative or full paths. 					
b) As a user I can change the current directory.						                
c) As a user I can create a file.														
d) As a user I can print working directory path.										
e) As a user I can save a directory.													
f) As a user I can remove top entry from directory stack								
g) As a user I can view the history of the commands I entered into the shell.			
h) As a user I can see the contents of a file in the shell								
i) As a user I can create a file with specified content 								
j) As a user I can print content onto the shell																			
k) As a user I can see documentation for any of the command the shell supports
l) As a user I can modify content in an existing file
m) As a user I can input commands into shell
n) As a user I can close the program
o) As a user I can see the the description of the commands 											
									
Product Backlog items to be implemented: 
p) As a user I can use the file system												    					
q) As a user I can be informed that I made an error and the type of error I committed.	

Specific tasks to be accomplished:
a-1. Write the code for the directory class						                																																								
a-2. Write the code for creating directories.
b-1. Write the code for the node class
b-2. Write the code to change directories
c-1. Writ the code to create files
d-1. Write the code to print the working directory path
e-1. Write the code for the directory stack
e-2. Write code for saving a directory to the directory stack.
f-1. Write code for removing a directory from the directory stack.
g-1. Write code for creating a history class
h-1. Write the code for updating a file (Echo Append).
i-1. Write the code for printing the content to the shell (Cat File).
j-1. Write the code for overwriting the file (Echo Overwrite).
k-1. Write the code for printing a working directory path.
l-1. Write the base code for the Command Class
m-1. Writ the code to input commands into shell
n-1. Write the code to exit the program
o-1. Write the code to print the documentation of the commands
p-1. Write the code for the file system
q-1. Write the test cases for the commands


These tasks are assigned as follows:

Sayantan Chatopadhyay: User1
Tasks: d-1,n-1,m-1,p-1,q-1

Leah Furyk: User 2
Tasks: a-1,a-2,e-2,f-1,i-1,q-1

Shrey Jain: User 3
Tasks: b-1,b-2,h-1,j-1,q-1,e-1

Anandi Patel: User 4
Tasks: c-1,f-1,g-1,k-1,l-1,q-1
