//Sprint 5 Backlog.  
November 19 to November 22


Product Backlog items to be implemented:
a) move item to directory
b) change item in directory
c) print contents of directory
d) print the current working directory
e) move file from old path to new path
f) change file from old path to new path 
g) display contents of file
h) get the url from the shell
i) print the echo string
j) print documentation of command
k) save current working directory
l) remove current working directory
m) print history of commands entered 
n) recall history by number
o) print lines containing regex

Specific tasks to be accomplished:
a-1. Update the code to move the item to directory
a-2. Update the test cases for move item to directory  
b-1. Update the code to change item in directory
b-2. Update the test cases for change item in directory
c-1. Update the code to print contents of directory
c-2. Update the test cases of print contents of directory
d-1. Update the code of the print current working directory
d-2. Update the test cases for print current working directory
e-1. Write the crc card for mv old path to new path
e-2. Write the code to move file from old path to new path
e-3. Write the test cases to move file from old path to new path
f-1. Write the crc card for cd old path to new path
f-2. Write the code to change file from old path to new pathf
f-3. Write the test cases to move file from old path to new path
g-1. Update the code for display contents of file
g-2. Update the test cases for display contents of file
h-1. Write the code for get url 
h-2. Writ the test cases for get url
i-1. Update the test cases for print the echo string
i-2. Update the code to print the echo string
j-1. Update the code for print documentation of command
j-2. Update the code for print documentation of command
k-1. Update the code for save current working directory
k-2. Update the test cases for save current working directory
l-1. Update the code to remove current working directory
l-2. Update the test cases for current working directory
m-1. Update the code for history
m-2. Update the test cases for the history command
n-1. Write the code to recall history by number
n-2. Write the test cases to recall history by number
o-1. Write the crc cards for print lines containing regex
o-2. Write the code for print lines containing regex
o-3. Write the test cases for lines containing regex



These tasks are assigned as follows:

Sayantan Chatopadhyay: User1
Tasks:  a-1,a-2,e-1,e-2,e-3,k-1,k-2 

Leah Furyk: User 2
Tasks: d-1,d-2,j-1, j-2,n-1,n-2, m-1,m-2

Shrey Jain: User 3
Tasks: c-1,c-2,f-2,f-3, h-1,h-2,i-1,i-2

Anandi Patel: User 4
Tasks:b-1,b-2,g-1, g-2,l-1,l-2,o-1,o-2,o-3
