Sprint 2 Backlog
October 26 to October 31

Product Backlog items to be implemented from previous sprint:
a) Create the CRC cards 
b) Prompt use for input
c) Create a file 
d) Keep record of directories
s) Execute the commands

Product Backlog items to be implemented:
e) As a user I can input commands into shell											
f) As a user I can close the program. 												    
g) As a user I can create directories using relative or full paths. 					
h) As a user I can change the current directory.						                
i) As a user I can create a file.														
j) As a user I can print working directory path.										
k) As a user I can save a directory.													
l) As a user I can remove top entry from directory stack								
m) As a user I can view the history of the commands I entered into the shell.			
n) As a user I can see the contents of a file in the shell								
o) As a user I can create a file with specified content 								
p) As a user I can print content onto the shell										
q) As a user I can modify content in an existing file									
r) As a user I can see documentation for any of the command the shell supports			

a-1. Create a CRC Card for history.
a-2. Review CRC Cards and make any necessary updates (i.e. comments from TA from A1).
a-3. Create CRC Card for Class Command.
b-1. Write the code to prompt the user for input.
c-1. Write the base code for the file class. 
d-1. Check over tree implementation in directory class.
e-1. Write the code for taking in commands.
f-1. Write the code for closing a JShell.
g-1. Write the code for creating directories.
h-1. Write the code for changing directories.
i-1. Write the code for class File.
j-1. Write the code for saving a directory class.
j-2. Write the code for updating the directory.
k-1. Write the code for removing a directory from the directory stack.
k-2. Write the code for updating a directory stack.
l-1. Write the code for creating a History Class.
m-1. Write the JShell Class.
n-1. Write the code for updating a file (Echo Append).
o-1. Write the code for printing the content to the shell.
p-1. Write the code for Echo class.
p-2. Write the code for overwriting the file (Echo Overwrite).
q-1. Write the code for displaying the documentation.
q-2. Write the code for formatting the documentation.
r-1. Write the base code for the Command Class
s-1. Write the code for printing a working directory path.

These tasks are assigned as follows:

Sayantan Chatopadhyay: User1
Tasks: a-2, b-1, l-1, l-2, j-1, d-1, n-1

Leah Furyk: User 2
Tasks: a-1, a-3, f-1, h-1, q-1, q-2, j-2 

Shrey Jain: User 3
Tasks: a-2, e-1, h-1, o-1, c-1, s-1

Anandi Patel: User 4
Tasks: a-2, g-1, k-1, k-2, p-1, p-2, m-1
